
fix on http://www.shopify.com/technology?page=2#   full screen overlay. Next button
not disappearing at end

add child selector to the css  > . More efficient that descendant selector

Add name of website at top of list, (outside of it)

add end and beginning anchors

doesn't work on http://blog.rosseaux.net/en/#

gets comments feed on http://net.tutsplus.com/tutorials/javascript-ajax/getting-started-with-backbone-js/#

fix on youtube.com, video overlaps, something to do with flash

create loading animation for 'next' button

bottom bar: quit application, go to skmir hopage, next feeds, prev feeds

Wait for Google feed API to load before doing google feed lookup. Fix bug

convert to GetElementById for tag lookups.... Or should I? This means deleting the private vars

fix full height html overlay

Convert all loops into either recursions OR flip the counters to count DOWN to zero

Get Paul Irish insert method <scrip> but do it to body tag instead because there is no guarantee that ther ewill be a script (head?) tag

add skimr hash

Create throws for all errors and Catch at the end of script
Add Error handling

cover script to use "use strict". ES5 shizzat

offset each item a bit to the left

change location with hashtag so that the user can "go back" to get rid of the screen

After link list, add extra div saying: STOP SCROLLING NOW OR END UP IN THE ABYYSSS!!

Add quick resume of article beneath title link. This could eventually be a function that searches for keyword density

If can't find feed, warn user: this means modifying getFeedURL and goog Feed lookup fallback to return false if nothing's found.


SITE:
FB Like button
3-4image animation on how to use, maybe a screencast
use git
add "see code on github" link

FUCNTIONALITY TO ADD:
-divide skmir window in two. The first thing to appear on right screen is how to use skimr
-when user hovers on link, short description appears to the right

DONE:
preload next feeds entries
added event delegation
use png transparency. Incorporate via data URI
Add dates
when user runs bookmarklet and he's scrolled down, scroll window up
1redeclare undefined as undefined
.Use 'feedlookup' feature as fallback
make Css tag building cross browse
Create skimr object and throw all properties and methods into it!
Assign google global as local var. Do same for google.feeds. Add these as private properties for the skimr object  -- Not NEEDED
move date to right of title
conver buildListDiv() to use innerHTML. It's much faster
convert date to simpler (dd/mm/yyy). Move to left of link title
convert elememt build funciton to use fragments
use DocumentFragments in program code while building UI
lookup performance using document fragments
fix in firefox. (3entries only);
make work on HTML5Boilerplate.com site (no feed)
fix table border mashable and techcrunch
if initial amount of entries smaller than entries per page, hide next button and avoid preload
